docs: extend internal/contributor docs (#11)
substrait-io/substrait-validator: CONTRIBUTING.md

Code style is strictly enforced for all languages using CI and (to some extent) [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) via:

 - Rust: [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt) and [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy).
    - At the time of writing, stable clippy (1.60 and 1.61) panics on the codebase; hopefully this will be fixed soon. In CI the toolchain for linting is pinned to 1.59 for this reason. You can use Rust 1.59 to run clippy locally as well (`rustup install 1.59.0`, `cargo +1.59.0 clippy`) or you can leave it to CI, but either way you'll have to silence pre-commit (run it, see if there are no violations other than the clippy panic, then commit using `--no-verify`).
 - Python: [black](https://github.com/psf/black) and [flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/4.0.1/).
 - C: [clang-format](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html).
 - protobuf: [buf format](https://buf.build/blog/introducing-buf-format).
 - YAML: [yamllint](https://github.com/adrienverge/yamllint).

## Development dependencies

Here's a (probably non-exhaustive) list of things you may want to have installed to develop for the validator.

 - [Rust stable](https://rustup.rs/)

>  - VSCode with the Rust plugin (or some other IDE with Rust support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - VSCode with [rust-analyzer](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/) (or some other IDE with Rust support)
```
